Docs (#171)
it-at-m/opensource.muenchen.de: licenses.md

Free software is defined by open access to the source code, but above all by its licence characteristics.  

## Use

When [using free software](./use) we can use all [OSI Approved Licences](https://opensource.org/licenses).

## Code Contributions 

If we [modify and republish open source software ourselves](./improve#code-contributions), the respective licence must be observed and the required conditions must be complied with.
As a rule, modifying existing software does not pose a problem with regard to the licence, as a fork of the repository is created, which also contains the licence file.

## Own developments

The [publication of the software developed by LHM](./publish) is carried out under the [MIT License](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License) in order to hinder reuse as little as possible.

> The MIT licence is also proposed in the City Council resolution [Develop new software in an open source context!](https://risi.muenchen.de/risi/antrag/detail/6289779).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MIT licence is also proposed in the City Council resolution ['Develop new software in an open source context!'](https://risi.muenchen.de/risi/antrag/detail/6289779).
```

### Integration in in-house developments

We take care not to use software with licences with a strong copyleft effect. This means we are free to choose the licence for our own software and avoid licence conflicts. 

> We prefer to use software with permissive licences or licences with a weak copyleft effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We prefer to use software that has licences which are either permissive or have a weak copyleft effect.
```

In practice, we mainly use software with the following permissive licences verified by the [Open Source Initiative](https://opensource.org/licenses):

* [Apache 2.0](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_License)
* [BSD](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD_licenses)

> * MIT licence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [MIT-Lizenz](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License)
```
